9;S;You take a look around and find nothing despite some dirt in the room. It's better not to explore further.;Go back to the hallway;7;Look around again;8
8;V;"Hello stranger! Welcome to my humble wooden abode. Comfy, isn't it? I bet you'd like a cup of this coff-" - someone whispers into your ear. It's better to go back to the hallway, you think to yourself.;Go back to the hallway;7;Look around;9;You better not investigate the room again, it's quite creepy.;7
7;S;The huge creaks and slowly opens. You enter the hallway and realize it's too dark to see anything despite your torch. What is that noise coming from the room to the right? Perhaps it is best to go there first.;Go into the room;8;Walk further down the hallway;10
6;S;You take a look around the perimeter of the door. It seems useless until you realize that you didn't try to open the door towards yourself.;Read further...;7;Exit game;-1
5;S;You try to kick it, but it doesn't budge. You try again and it only moves a bit. What do you do?;You look around;6;You sit down and think;20
4;R;Walking in the darkness doesn't seem a good idea, so you light a torch. You feel a bit dizzy, but you must go on. Hours later you find a door, it has a keyhole, what do you do#It gets darker and darker the deeper you go. Unfortunately you stumble on a rock and fall to the ground. Hours later you find a door, it has a keyhole, what do you do?;Investigate the keyhole;19;Kick the door;5
3;S;After leaving the safety of the town you head to a nearby cave. One of the children tackles with some rock on the wall and a door opens up."I don't know why it does that, but it works." - says Viola, the tall girl. You leave the children behind and traverse further into the cave.;Read further...;4;Exit game;-1
21;S;You walk again for hours and hours. It takes forever, it wasn't a good idea to choose this route. Exhausted of days worth of walking you fall to the ground and your vision fades away. Unfortunately your journey ends here.;Try again;0;Exit game;-1
20;R;You fall asleep and a huge rock falls onto your head.Unfortunately your journey ends here.#After some time you begin to hear strange noises, you decide to investigate when something hits you in the head. Unfortunately your journey ends here.;Try again;0;Exit game;-1
2;S;After a while, you decide to help the children with investigating the mad scientist. You walk along the wall of the town and the younglings show you a crack on it.;Read further...;3;Exit game;-1
19;V;You investigate the keyhole and find out you can't pick it.;Kick the door;5;Investigate the keyhole;19;You have already investigated the keyhole, so you decide kicking the door.;5
18;S;Time passes and you wander around the village market. You hear a strange noise behind your back. Giant explosions burst out of castle, and it collapses...Unfortunately your journey ends here.;Try again;0;Exit game;-1
17;V;You can't try again...;Try again;17;Exit;-1;I SAID YOU CAN'T;-1
16;S;As it turns out you were sleeping all along...This is where your story ends.;Try again;17;Exit;-1
15;S;Birds' chirp is the first thing that you hear. You open your eyes. It's bright outside. The children from Troms help you getting up. "What happened" - you wonder.Fortunately Todd tells you that you were sleeping under the tree for hours and been acting strange.;Read further...;16;Exit;-1
14;S;MAKE IT S̶̡̝̻̰̞̮̙̫̞̳̲͚̽͒̈̅́̀̒̽͆̕͠͝ͅŢ̷͂Ơ̵̯̯͑̈͐͊̑̎͒̔͛̅͋̆̔Ṕ̷̢̡̡̨̼̥̥̞̬͇̗͕͊̈́̌͋̚ JuSt g̴̗̫̬̜̺̪͚̥̙̘̫̖͈̗͗̒̄͘f̶̛͉͙̟̻̌̆̀͆̅ḓ̴̗̭̺͕̩͍̠̼̆̈͛͜ͅĥ̶̢̡͈̘͔̤͙͚̍̇̆͋̇̒̀͑̋͊͒̌ģ̶̤̟͔̣̺͔̳̇͗͛͌͗̓͝f̵͓͚̣̍̕ stop it. You fall to the ground.;Read further...;15;Exit;15
13;S;You shout the archaic words and the walls shake around you. You feel your heart skip and the rooms is about to collapse. Quickly do something!;Exit the room;14;S̶̡̝̻̰̞̮̙̫̞̳̲͚̽͒̈̅́̀̒̽͆̕͠͝ͅŢ̷͂Ơ̵̯̯͑̈͐͊̑̎͒̔͛̅͋̆̔Ṕ̷̢̡̡̨̼̥̥̞̬͇̗͕͊̈́̌͋̚;14
12;S;These texts were weird but you recognize them from an ancient lexicon that you had to read back in your school days. After looking around you find absolutely nothing in the room. Perhaps you could try to chant them out loud;Chant the writings;13;Go back to the hallway;21
11;R;H̴͎̞̭̏e̶̡̥̻̾l̵̫̙̄̄̽́p̸̰͊̊͌ ̶͔̻͆̆͋̑m̶̢̫̑e̸͚͒You read on the wall.ͅ#M̵̙̖͉͆à̸̪̱̫̑͘ḱ̵̢̥̹̊͜e̴̞̓͆͆͜ ̴̞͠i̴̧͓͍͑ẗ̵͚́͆̊̕ ̶͉̪̼̉̎́s̸̱͖͙͚̅t̴̨̼̞̆̈̂̎ỏ̷̰̣̖͜p̸͇̀̔̓͋Acient text says on the floor;Take a look around;12;Go back to the hallway;10
10;R;You travel further down the hallway... An hour passes and it seems never-ending. Finally you find a room on your right#It's really tiring to walk for hours but you finally find a room on your right.;Enter the room;11;Walk further down the hallway;10
1;S;"It might be a good idea to look at that weird house next to those spooky ruins just south-east of the city. We found this key you could try out, but if you lose it there are some spares in our base." - says Todd, the blonde hair one. As you listen to these children, one of the asks you to help them investigate the hermit.;Help the children;2;Ignore them and walk along the street;18
0;S;You are an adventurer from Fruma, the corrupt province from overseas. As you walk down the the city hall of Troms, the capital of Fruma, you hear something strange. Kids in the canopy of the nearby tree are having a conversation about some mad scientist.;Read further...;1;Exit game;-1